Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING][METAL CLANKING]
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS]
[OMINOUS MUSIC CONTINUES]
[WINDING SOUNDS]
[DANCE MUSIC PLAYING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Second round?CUSTOMER: Yeah.
Can I get a vodka soda
for the road. Jo?
Wendy. baby. I'm gonna pretend
I didn't hear that.
There you go.Thanks. darling.
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
Wendy.
Two more beers.I think I can manage that.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
What are you doing
after work?
Hmm. You already know.
["ODYSSEY" BY DEVIN HOFFMAN
FT. BRANDON ROGERS PLAYING]
♪ Close my eyes and watch you
Eight ball. corner pocket♪
♪ Been working
On my perfect aim♪
♪ At least I was
Before you came♪
♪ Oh. oh.
There I go. falling slow ♪
♪ Losing gravity
And self-control♪
♪ I wonder if you know♪
♪ I hope♪
♪ I don't get tossed
In the wind with one touch♪
♪ I give in
You take me on an odyssey...♪
♪ Yeah...♪
♪ Around the world
Into infinity. hmm♪
♪ You take me
On an odyssey...♪
♪ Oh. oh
I'm lost in the ocean♪
♪ I'm never coming home again♪
♪ And while I'm capsizing
I'm learning the truth♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. yeah♪
♪ That my final breath
Has been waiting for you♪
♪ Oh. you take me
On an odyssey♪
♪ Yeah♪
♪ Around the world
Into infinity♪
♪ I'm never coming
Home again♪
[ALARM BEEPS]
Wow. Is that the time?Are you serious?
TV REPORTER: As the trial
nears for Richard Dellicano.
the embattled CEO
of Dellicano Industries.
Assistant District Attorney
Mark Setter remains emphatic...
You're unbelievable.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
TV REPORTER: ...what's happening
to the region's groundwater.
We will prove the company acted
in a shocking display
of bad faith
and showed no concern
for the lives
of local residents. Thank you.
As District Attorney. I will be
personally overseeing this case.
Mark has my full confidence.
[CHUCKLES] Sure I do. Sheldon.
TV REPORTER:
And in other news...
Oh. really? [CHUCKLES]
[TRAIN ENGINE REVS][DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
JO: Do you have to go?
Yeah. I gotta get back
to the office.
No rest for the wicked.[JO CHUCKLES]
Go ahead. you can admit it now.What am I admitting?
That you're impressed
by the whole Dellicano thing.
[CLICKS TONGUE]
Just a teeny bit. [CHUCKLES]
I like the tie.[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
You gave it to me.Did I? That's impressive.
[BOTH LAUGH]
I'll call you.
Mark...Yeah?
I saw you with Ernie Dux.
It's none of my business.
but be careful.
I've heard stories.
You're sweet.
But you don't need
to worry about me.
I'm a big boy.
Not that big.Oh... hey. now. [CHUCKLES]
[GRUNTS][ENGINE STARTS]
[ENGINE REVS]
Call Sharon.
[PHONE VIBRATING]
Mm. Hey. hon.Hey. Did I wake you?
SHARON: No. no. no.
I just laid down.
You looked pretty hot
on TV tonight.
I don't know
about that pink tie though.
Oh really. you don't think
it was a bold fashion choice?
It was a choice.
You on your way home now?
Yeah. Finally.
Sorry it took me so long.
Witness prep up with Larry.
You know how it is.
[ENGINE REVS]What the hell?
What?Somebody's tailgating me.
SHARON: Well. just pull over
and let them go past.
[CRASH SOUND]Jesus!
Mark?
MARK: Goddammit.
No. no. no. no. no. no!
[CRASH SOUND]Mark? What...
[CALL DISCONNECTS]
[PHONE RINGING]
MARK SETTER: [OVER VOICEMAIL]
This is the voicemail
of Mark Setter.
Please leave me a message.
[MESSAGE BEEP]
[PHONE RINGING]
OPERATOR: 911.
What's your emergency?
[POLICE SIRENS WAILING]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[KNOCKING AT DOOR]
[KNOCKING CONTINUES]
TRAXLER: Mrs. Setter?[BREATHES HEAVILY]
I'm Detective Traxler.
King County PD.
Where's Mark?
I'm sorry.
He's gone. I'm so sorry.
[SOBS] No.
[SOBS]
He was involved
in an accident.
[SOBS] I need to see him.
Can I see him?
Yes.
Actually. uh. we need to ask you
to help us
identify your husband.
There was a pretty bad fire.
[SOBS] God.
We can get someone
to watch the baby.
[SOBS]
There's... there's no baby.
TRAXLER: I'm so sorry
you had to see him like that.
SHARON: I needed to.
Detective.
Carmen. You can call me Carmen.
It wasn't an accident.
Carmen.
Oh. that's becoming
more and more clear.
Mark was a great lawyer.
He was going to put
some very powerful people
behind bars.You knew Mark?
I was involved
in the Dellicano case.
There's no one I would've
rather trusted it to than him.
Just know this isn't over.
I'm not going to stop
until I bring
his killers to justice.
[MELANCHOLIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[ENGINE REVS][DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
Jo! Jo! Damn thing's useless.
Buttons always get stuck.
Well. the nurses tell me
that may have something to do
with the fact that you keep
throwing it at the TV.
Okay. let's try it.
TV REPORTER: Police have...Here you go.
...of the driver who was killed
last night in what was first...
Wait a minute. go back.Huh?
TV REPORTER: ...fiery accident.
but is now being investigated
as a homicide.
Mark Setter was an Assistant
District Attorney
who was currently working
on the state's
high-profile case...What is it? What's wrong?
TV REPORTER:
...Setter is survived
by his wife. Sharon...Wife?
TV REPORTER:
...Now. Mrs. Setter
requests in lieu of flowers.
donations be made
to one of her husband's
favorite local charities.
Meanwhile. budget cuts
in the mayor's office
are putting a pause on...
[BIRDS CHIRPING][SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[SIGHS]
[SHELDON EXHALES]
I want you to call us
if you need anything.
LISA: Anything.
Mark was more than
just a colleague. he was family.
Family.And that makes you family too.
Yes. it does.
Our door's always open for you.
sweetheart.
Well thank you. Sheldon. Lisa.Of course. dear.
I'm going to be texting you
a lot. Fair warning.
SHELDON: Give me a call
when you get a chance
this afternoon.LARRY: Yeah. of course. sir.
I've got some. uh. housekeeping
to do at the office.
Wheels of justice grind on.
LARRY:
Well. Mark would've hated this.
missing the football game
for this nonsense.
It was a beautiful ceremony.
Sharon.
I don't know
how you pulled it all together.
I appreciate that. Larry.Yeah. of course.
And I know you're probably sick
of hearing it
but if you need anything.
you don't hesitate.
I know.
And I don't mean that in a.
"I'll be texting you."
sort of way.
Whatever you need.
I'm here for you.
[SIGHS] Thank you.
[MELANCHOLIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Give me a call sometime. soon.
let me know you're okay?
Okay.
[ENGINE REVS]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[THUDS]
[OMINOUS MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
LARRY: Shit.
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
[LARRY GROANS]
[GROANS]
Mr. Strand.
You didn't have to kill Mark.
You don't have to kill me.I'm sorry. have we met?
No. no. no...
Then why are you making
these accusations?
It's presumptuous.[BREATHES HEAVILY]
Seems to me
that you're already aware
that whoever killed Mark Setter
took something from him
and is now trying to blackmail
my employer.
Dellicano. right?
My employer has never been
blackmailed before.
He doesn't like it.Mark was my best friend.
Well. all the better
for the both of us
that we find this killer...
right away.
Do you expect me to believe
that Dellicano wasn't involved
in Mark's murder?
What I expect of you
is to do whatever I ask.
And what I'm asking you.
Larry. where is it?
I have no idea.[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Okay. So how about
where did Mark get
the materials
in the first place?
Listen...And if you lie to me...
I'm gonna pay the widow
a visit.
Sharon?
She's got nothing to do
with this.
Probably not.
But I'm wondering
if she can tell me...
why you have a picture of her
in your house.
I've been watching you. Larry.
You've got a thing for her.[SCOFFS]
I thought
Mark was your best pal.
Look. leave her out of this.
She's got nothing to do
with anything.
Please.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Wait. wait. wait... wait.
Mark got it
from this guy named Dux.
Dux. What a stupid name.
Like a duck?No. D-U-X. Ernie Dux.
Is that the truth?Yeah.
I swear. it's... it's the truth.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSING][SIGHS] Fuck.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
SHARON: Hi.Hi.
Did you know my husband?
Yeah. Yeah. I did.
I'm Sharon.Josephine. Jo.
Were you at the funeral?
Uh. this week's been
a bit of a blur.
No. no. I couldn't make it.
I'm sorry.
SHARON:
No. nothing to be sorry about.
There were
way too many people there.
I've been coming here
every day.
I don't really know
what I'm supposed to do though.
Mark wasn't big on flowers.
so...
Did you know him well?
Sort of. I guess.
He helped me
when my mother died.
I'm sorry.JO: She had dementia.
and I thought
that the facility she was in
was negligent.
Mark helped me
with my options.
Sounds like Mark.
He was an idealist.
Yeah.
I should give you
some privacy.
No. uh... it's nice talking
with someone
who doesn't treat me like
some broken woman.
Do you visit your mom's grave?
I have her ashes at home.
Yeah. they asked me about that.
I don't know.
Just seemed
kinda creepy to me.[CHUCKLES]
Um... no offense.JO: No. no. no... uh...
my mom bought her urn
way before she died.
before she was even sick.
and it's freakin' butt-ugly.
[CHUCKLES]JO: Yeah.
My mom had pretty tacky
taste. if I'm being honest.
I mean. the crap she used
to make me wear
when I was younger. I looked
like a doll in a horror flick.
[CHUCKLES]
Do you feel
like getting a drink?
Or. I'm... maybe
it's way too early for that.
I'm on a kinda weird schedule
these days.
No. no. it's... it's not that.
Actually. um...
I know a bar
that's not too far from here.
And our drinks would be free.
Okay. Great. [CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ Truth be told
You're often on my mind ♪
♪ Often on my mind...
[SEAGULLS SQUAWKING]
SHARON: Thank you.
So. Mark used to hang out here?It's how we met.
Hmm. Did he come here often?Yeah. sort of.
The courthouse is really close.
so we used to get
a lot of that crowd.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]He never mentioned it.
He had so many friends
come to the funeral.
People I had never met.
It kinda made me feel like
I was a bad wife.
maybe we'd been drifting apart.
I was too wrapped up
in my own thing
to even realize it.And I doubt it.
Well. we both worked a lot.
But... I don't know.
The police wanna get
into his work computer
and his cell phone. I...
I don't know the passcode
or the password.
I felt like the detective
was secretly judging me.
I mean. what do you think?
Am I supposed to know
that stuff?
Why would you?Exactly what I thought.
Was it Detective Traxler?Yeah. You know her?
I went to see her.
Mark had a meeting here
with a couple of guys
the night he died.
One of them was a regular.
Ernie Dux.
Ernie handed Mark something
and Mark paid him for it.
What was it?I don't know.
But I told Traxler
just in case. um...
just in case it might be related
to Mark's death.
You mean his murder.Yeah. Murder.
Mark was working
on the Dellicano case.
probably the biggest
of his career.
Did you hear about it?
Just bits and pieces
on the news.
They own coal mines.
People started getting sick
from the pits
where they store the coal ash.
That's the waste product
that's left over.
they bury it
in the landfills.
Something went wrong
and people died.
Mark was going after them
for criminal negligence.
Maybe that's what
Ernie was helping him with.
I haven't seen Ernie
since the meeting.
which is weird.
he's usually here every day.
What did Traxler say?
Honestly. she just seemed
overworked and distracted.
Well. thank you
for going to the police.
I'm sure any information helps.
Yeah. of course.
It's the least I can do.
[SUSPICIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
Did Mark ever...
Did Mark ever bring
a woman here?
No.SHARON: You can tell me.
I know
I'm the grieving widow and all.
but I can handle the truth.
At least I'd like
to think I can.
I've never seen Mark in here
with anyone
other than work buddies.
Why do you ask?It's probably nothing.
It's just a few little things.
I didn't even think twice
about them at the time. but...
now they kind of have me
wondering.
Like what?
All of a sudden
he started wearing a pink tie.
I know that's not a big deal.
but I've known Mark
since college.
and he has
never worn pink. ever.
[CHUCKLES]
I know it sounds stupid. right?
No. Actually.
it doesn't sound stupid at all.
You think
it might mean something?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]JO: That's Wendy.
Who's Wendy?Ernie Dux's girlfriend.
She might know where he is.
She was here that night.
Hey. Wendy. How's it going?
Hell. I don't know.
I feel like crap.
JO: You back to smoking again?I got worse habits.
What you drinking?Gin today.
You know where Ernie's been?
Speaking of bad habits...
What are you looking at?JO: She's with me.
And...
the drinks are on the house
if you can tell us
how to find Ernie.
Sounds like easy money to me.
VOICEMAIL: This is Detective
Carmen Traxler.
Leave me a message.[MESSAGE BEEPS]
Hi Detective.
this is Sharon Setter.
Can you call my cell phone
as soon as possible?
I have
some important information.
Thank you.
What if she doesn't get back
to us tonight?
Wendy could tell Ernie
we're looking for him.
He could get spooked
and then just disappear.
You're right.
We need to go see him
for ourselves. Yeah.
I'll drive.
My Jeep is around the corner.
Now?Yeah. now.
SHARON: [CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Thank you.
JO: Don't mention it.
No. really.
You don't have to do this.
I really appreciate it.
Well.
Ernie might not even be there.
Wendy's not
the most reliable source.
so let's not get our hopes up.
Well. at this point
it doesn't even matter.
It just feels good
to finally be doing something
instead of waiting
to see what happens next.
So you. um.
you met Mark in college?
Yeah. Yeah. undergrad.
He didn't know
what he wanted to be.
He was studying philosophy.
I was an English lit major.
You're a writer?Oh. Well. sort of.
My plan was to be a novelist.
but I got kind of sidetracked
when I took a Japanese course
and realized I have a knack
for the language.
JO: A knack for Japanese?
[CHUCKLES] Damn. girl.
SHARON: So now I translate
Japanese novels.
My own writing has been
put on hold for a long time.
Well. translating novels
sounds like writing to me.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[ENGINE REVS]
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
Ernie? It's Jo from the bar.
You in there?
[DOOR SQUEAKS]
Somebody broke the lock.
[GASPS]
Why don't you stay out here?What? You're just gonna go in?
Like you said.
it's better to do something.
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[DOOR SQUEAKS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[GASPS]
Sorry.
I can't just stay outside.
Okay.[CLATTERING]
JO: Ernie?
Ernie. you in here?
Ernie?
It's Jo.
The bartender you never tip.
[DOOR CLOSING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
JO: Oh. God. That's Ernie.
SHARON: [GASPS]
Oh. God. Is he dead?
Who was making that noise?
LOUIS: Let's get outta here.
Okay. There's more than one.
Okay. I'm calling the police.Okay.
Wait! What are you doing?
We're not waiting
for the police.
Those guys are getting away.
We need to see who they are.
[GRUNTS]
[BOTH GRUNT]
[GUNSHOT]
[COCKS GUN]
[BOTH GRUNT]
[GRUNTS][GROANS]
JO: Go. go. go. go. go!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Stay where you are!Put the gun down. Mrs. Setter!
[GUNSHOTS]
What?Come on.
What are you doing?
[GUNSHOT]
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[GASPS] Oh. my God.Yeah.
[SIRENS WAILING IN THE DISTANCE]
JO: He was dead
when we got there.
Yeah. you said that.
Well. the thing I wanna know
is why did you two wanna go see
someone like Ernie Dux?
We needed to ask him
some questions.
I'm guessing
he gave you the wrong answers.
Thanks. Glen.
I got it from here.
Look at you...
were you on a date?
I said I got this. Glen.
Get 'em to tell you
how he was dead
when they got there.
They love saying that.
Mrs. Setter.
what the hell are you doing?
We needed to talk
to Ernie Dux about Mark.
You could've been killed.
He gave Mark something.Or... or sold him something.
SHARON: Whatever it was.
it got Mark murdered.
I tried to tell you this.
Detective.
Miss Creuzot...
Look. now Ernie Dux has been
murdered too.
It has to be connected
to what happened to Mark.
Did you see the men
who attacked you?
Yeah. Pretty well.
[PHONE RINGING]No. No. No. No. No. No.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]No. No.
No. No.
Thank you.
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
TRAXLER: Now more than ever.
you need to be careful
about making new friends.
She's been in and out
of state facilities.
Did a stint in juvie.
Most recently she got popped
for fraud and assault.
Well. she can fight.
Thank God.
If she's leading you
into this...
It was my idea.
My husband. my idea.
Then why is she helping you?
Have you thought about that?
Why are you more concerned
about her than about Ernie Dux?
Whoever killed him
must've had something to do
with Mark's death.
We're looking into it.Well. she tracked him down.
which is more
than you guys have done.
I'm sorry. that was a bit harsh.
I'm sure you've had
your hands full. [SIGHS]
How was it going?What?
The date.
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]No. No. No.
Wa... Wait a minute.
Go back one.
That's him.Are you sure?
I never forget a face I punched.
That's him.
That's Sonny Strand.Who?
Was the other one older?
Maybe looked like
he could be this guy's dad?
Yeah. might've been.Jesus Christ.
You two tussled
with Louis Strand.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]TRAXLER: You know him?
I wouldn't be surprised
if he drinks at Mahoney's.
I've never seen him there.
but I've heard stories.
What kind of stories?
Usually the kind
where people die.
Uh. people with deep pockets
hire Louis
to make their problems go away.
Sonny's a screw-up.
but we've never caught Louis
for anything. He is smart.
extremely dangerous.
and now you're both
on his radar.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Thanks again. Jo.
For what?For saving my life back there.
Even if you did go
a little bit crazy.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Where did you learn
to fight like that?
Ex-boyfriend. Jacob.
This Israeli dude.
I think he was Mossad
or something.
I don't know. He'd never say.
Anyways.
he taught me all the fun stuff
like Krav Maga and shooting.
Oh yeah. I noticed that.
Yeah. well. obviously
he didn't teach me well
because I was definitely aiming
for their heads.
Well. you did enough
to keep us alive.
Anytime.
I hope nothing like that
ever happens again.
Yeah. sure. me too. But...
Yeah.
JO: Nice house.
Mark was so proud
when we got it.
Sharon...SHARON: Yeah?
I need to tell you something.
Oh. no.What?
The door.Shit.
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
Sharon! Sharon. wait!
SHARON: This is my house.
My God.
JO: Hey...
Hey. you really wanna sneak up
on an intruder again?
I need to see...
[GASPS]
[TENDER MUSIC PLAYING]
You... you and Mark have a kid?
Why would they do this?
[SIGHS] I guess
we pissed them off.
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
["BE MY SANCTUARY"
BY RUPERT POPE PLAYING]
♪ I am a danger to myself♪
♪ Here comes the feeling again♪
♪ Pulling me under the water♪
♪ Holding me tight on a rein♪
♪ I can't escape the mess
That I'm in♪
♪ Take what is left of me♪
♪ Be my sanctuary♪
♪ Rain down
Down upon me... ♪
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
SHARON: Andy only got six hours.
Just enough time for one dream.
We never even got
to bring him home.
He spent those six hours
in a plastic box
attached to tubes.
He struggled. he tried. but...
I fell apart.
Slept most nights in here.
[SIGHS] Mark tried.
He offered
to bring a bed in here.
I just couldn't say yes.
'Cause then it wouldn't be
Andy's room anymore.
Does that make sense?
Sure it does.
I'll be right back.
[DOOR CREAKS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Okay.
I packed some of your stuff.
You're gonna come stay with me.
Come on. I called the cops.
My vote is we get outta here
before they turn up.
I'll stay at a hotel.
Yeah. sure.
Come with me. let's go.
[DOGS BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE]
Wow. You're an artist.
Most of the time.
Managing the bar
keeps the lights on.
Say hi to Mom.
Oh. geez...
Told you it was hideous.
Sorry. Mama.
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
Anyway...
the good news from tonight
is that your house
is totally wrecked.
What?JO: Well...
if it was only half wrecked.
that would mean they found
what they were looking for.
Yeah. that's a good point.
JO: So we know
they didn't find it.
I just wish
we knew what it was.
Well. information? Evidence?
Doesn't really matter.
A file. a photograph.
All that matters is they want it
badly enough to kill for it.
What is this?
JO: Some surveillance stuff
that ex of mine left behind.
It's tracking gear.
listening devices.
snoop tech.
Thought he'd come back for it.
but I should probably
just get rid of it.
SHARON: Hm.
Uh. yeah. I would put that down.
What is it?JO: It's a flashbang.
You use it to blind
and disorient
without killing anyone.
What is it doing
just laying out here?
Well. I'm not exactly childproof
here.
Am I the only one
that's starving?
I am kinda hungry.Yeah.
it's 'cause we haven't eaten
all day.
Pizza?Yes. Amazing.
Good. I know a good place.
What do you like on it?
Just get
whatever you usually get.
I like everything.SHARON: Everything it is.
Beautiful.[CHUCKLES]
Would you mind
if I freshen up a bit?
Yeah. yeah. go for it.
There's clean towels
in the cabinet.
[DOOR CREAKS]
[SIGHS]
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING][CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
♪ ...Never can I resist♪
♪ It's easy
Gaining a secret...♪
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
["ROCKBODY"
BY JAKE&PAPA PLAYING]
♪ You pull me closer♪
♪ Your body. my party... ♪
[DOOR OPENING]
♪ You wanna feel in control
And I'm on it ♪
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
♪ Yeah. I'm on it♪
♪ I wanna feel you working
On my body...♪
[KNOCKS]JO: Sharon?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Damn.
Sharon? Sharon?
[JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING][KNOCKING AT DOOR]
Sharon. are you okay?
Oh...
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING][COMPUTER BEEPING]
[PHONE RINGING]
VOICEMAIL: Hey. this is Sharon.
Leave a message.
LARRY: I can't believe he'd do
something like that to you.
It makes no sense.
SHARON: I feel so stupid.
LARRY: Sharon. you're kind.
you're trusting.
You're not stupid.
SHARON: You really didn't know?
He never said anything to you?
LARRY: Never.
He must've known
I would've kicked his ass.
I mean.
I know I don't look like it.
but I can hold
my own in a fight.
SHARON: I'm sure you can.
LARRY: So. if anyone
ever messes with you.
you let me know. all right?
[CHUCKLES]
SHARON: You're sweet.
You've always been sweet.
Do you think
there were other women?
I mean. why wouldn't there be?
If he was with her...
Don't think about that.
You've been through so much.
You... you need a break.
I really do.
[SIGHS] I'm gonna head home.
[DOOR CREAKS]
[SIGHS]
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Sharon.Get outta here.
JO: Sharon!
Sharon!
Get out of my house!
I tried to tell you.Bullshit.
JO: I did. I tried. okay?
And then things
just kept happening.
Please leave my house!
Look. Sharon. I know
you must hate me right now...
You're right.I don't blame you.
Why are you here?
What do you want from me?
I wanna tell you the truth.[SCOFFS]
I have no reason to believe
anything you could tell me.
You are a liar.
I didn't lie.
I just didn't tell you
everything.
And yeah. I know
how weak that sounds.
but every time I tried
to tell you. something happened.
Yesterday. yesterday was insane!
And what's even crazier
is I started to feel
like you were my friend.
Stop.
JO: I didn't know
he was married.
I thought
he just worked all the time.
I found out the truth
from the news after he died.
Don't you dare come here
and expect sympathy from me.
I don't.
That's not why I'm here. I...
I want you to have
the whole truth
about what happened
between me and Mark.
Is there anything
you wanna ask me?
When did it start?Just a few months ago.
How many times?
Like a dozen or so.
Where?My apartment.
In the bed
you wanted me to sleep in?
Yeah.
Well. and on the couch.
Have you ever been
hit by a broom?
I'm just trying to be honest.
You can go now.
[GLASS CRASHING]
JO: That's him.[GLASS CLANKING]
That's the other guy
that was with Mark
the night he met with Ernie Dux.
Well. that's Larry.
They weren't together
that night.
He was there.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
SHARON: Just to be clear.
the only reason
we're doing this together
is because Larry hasn't been
completely honest with me.
If you're there.
he won't be able to deny it.
Look... Mark had two lives.
His real one with you and...
whatever he had with me.
I think between the two of us
we can figure out
what happened to him
quicker than Traxler.
I mean. look at everything
that happened yesterday.
When we almost got killed?
Well. yeah. there was that.
[SCOFFS]
But if we're gonna do this.
we need to understand
each other.
Whatever we find out
goes straight to the police.
Yeah. of course.SHARON: If it gets dangerous
or it gets too risky again.
we both back off.
And we are not friends.
[TRAFFIC WHIZZING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Oh. my God. Mrs. Setter?
Hi.DONNA: Hi.
I need to see Larry.
Is he free?
DONNA: Oh. no. I'm sorry.
He's not here right now.
Do you expect him soon?I think so.
All right. we'll just wait
for him in Mark's office.
DONNA: Of course.
make yourselves comfortable.
And listen. Sharon.
I've been wanting to tell you
I am so. so sorry about Mark.
Thank you.
It's just so sad.
He was such a great guy.
Well. he was banging this one
behind my back.
But yes. such a great guy.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
JO: Does any of this stuff mean
anything to you?
No.
I doubt there's gonna be
a smoking gun buried
in all this.
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
SHARON: Hmm.
Passwords.Well. should I try cheater?
I think
it's a little on the nose.
One dream.
Nice.[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Oh. what a mess.
What are we looking for?
I don't know.
Let's try... email?
[SIGHS]
How about his browser history?
We can see
what he was looking at
before he came
in the bar that night.
There's a video here.
[APPLAUSE]
Who's that?
Uh. it's Lisa Roberts.
The D.A.'s wife.
LISA ROBERTS: ...Harper
Foundation humanitarian award
to a generous philanthropist.
who also happens to be a dear.
personal friend of mine.
Rebecca Dellicano.
[APPLAUSE]JO: Dellicano's wife?
SHARON: Yeah.
JO: She seems pretty tight
with the D.A.'s wife.
She sure does.
REBECCA DELLICANO:
Thank you. Lisa...
SHELDON: Sharon.
How are you. sweetheart?
I'm doing okay.Are you sure?
I'm sorry I haven't called.
I've been meaning to.
It's okay. I know you're busy.
Never too busy for family.
Now I know that Lisa is dying
to take you to lunch
and catch up.That would be wonderful.
SHELDON: Good. Give her a call.
Better yet.
I'll have her call you.
You've got enough on your plate
as it is. God knows.
Hello.Hi.
Sheldon Roberts.
District Attorney.
It is a pleasure
to meet your acquaintance.
Josephine Creuzot. bartender.
And back at you. Sheldon.
Hmm.
Donna tells me
you're looking for Larry.
Yes.SHELDON: Oh.
I'm expecting him back
in the next few minutes.
Is there anything I can do?
The police have been in and out
of here a bunch of times
but if there's anything specific
of Mark's that you need.
maybe I can help.
No. It's nothing. really.
Are you sure?JO: You know.
it's kind of a private matter.
Sheldon.
I see.
Well.
if there's anything you need.
I am a phone call
or a text away.
Believe me. anything.
Thank you. Sheldon.
All right.
Expect that call from Lisa.
SHARON: Wonderful.
Got any hand sanitizer?
It's not just me. right?
Dude is slimy.Yeah. let's get outta here.
What about Larry?
I'm gonna call
and see where he is.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING][INDISTINCT CHATTER]
SHARON: Over here.
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
Jesus Christ. Sharon.
What are you doing here?
SHARON: We're here for you.
SHARON: Mark was murdered
the other night.
We need to know everything.
[SIGHS]
Okay. Come on. Come on.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES]
JO: What were you and Mark doing
with Ernie Dux?
LARRY: Who?Larry?
Okay. Okay.
Mark was buying information.
What kind of information?A thumb drive. that's all.
All this craziness
over this tiny little thing.
What was on the thumb drive?
It was an encrypted text chain
that Ernie Dux got
from a computer at one
of the Dellicano mine sites.
It was conversations
with executives
discussing things
like coal ash pits.
faulty linings. leaks.
Things they were aware of.
but did nothing to fix.
And the farther you scan down
the text chain the worse it got.
Worse how?
[EXHALES]
There were jokes. Uh...
bad off-color jokes.
Jokes about people getting sick.If those texts were made public.
it could bring down
Dellicano's empire.
We already know
Dellicano had Mark killed.
I... I don't think so.SHARON: What do you mean?
I think whoever killed Mark
has the thumb drive
and they're using it
to blackmail Dellicano.
Is it you?Seriously?
JO:
You were with him that night.
So were you.
You... you took him home.
In fact. you might've been
the last person
to see Mark alive.SHARON: Okay. wait.
You... you slept with Mark
the night he died?
He told me
he was doing witness prep.
I don't even know
why I'm surprised
by any of this at this point.
LARRY:
It's so messed up. Sharon.
I don't know why you're running
around with her.
You don't need
this nonsense in your life.
What about you. Larry?
You told me you had no idea
Mark was cheating.
Just last night you swore.
you said
you would've kicked his ass.LARRY: I didn't know
what to say. Sharon. Mark put me
in a terrible position.
I'm so sorry.I'm out.
You see what you've done?Just give her some space.
How do I even get out of here?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING][BREATHES SHAKILY]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES]
We just wanna talk. Mrs. Setter.
[CAR ALARMS WAIL][GRUNTS]
Go!
[CAR ALARMS CONTINUE TO WAIL]
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
[GRUNTS]
[ENGINE REVS]
JO: Get in!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
SHARON: Again.
thank you for saving my ass.
JO: I save yours. you save mine.
We just have to keep it
even like that.
SHARON: Can we walk?
I am vibrating
after all of that.JO: Yeah.
Why did they just show up
like that?
Yeah. how did they know
we were gonna be there?
SHARON: Or were they
even looking for us?
JO: You think
they were looking for Larry?
SHARON: I don't know.
He was pretty jumpy. nervous.
JO: So we're going
to Traxler. aren't we?
That's what you said.
You said. "If this gets
dangerous we're go to the cops."
Well. that was dangerous.
Traxler...What's up?
I think I saw something earlier.
See anyone who looks familiar?
Traxler.SHARON: Yeah.
What's she doing
rubbing elbows with this crowd?
SHARON: Well.
that's what I'm wondering.
Mark's on the verge
of taking down Dellicano.
Right before he's killed.
he watches this video
that obviously shows
his boss's wife being
quite chummy
with Dellicano's wife.
Which probably means
the husbands are pretty tight
as well.
And the detective
investigating his murder
just happens to be
at the same event?
No way that's a coincidence.
So who do we trust?I don't know. No one.
Why is Louis Strand
still coming after us?
Does he think
that we have the thumb drive?
Maybe. Or maybe
because we keep poking the bear.
I mean. that must be making
Dellicano nervous.
Look. we've gotten away
from Strand twice.
Now. I don't think
our luck is gonna hold
for a third time.
You wanna back off?Hell no.
Good.
'Cause I want us to pay
someone a visit.
But first we're gonna have
to go to your place.
I think you have something
that we could use.
Use for what?To poke another bear.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR][BIRDS CHIRPING]
Sharon!SHARON: Hi. Lisa.
What a surprise.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
Could I come in?
Of course. I'm sorry.
Please. come in.
You said anytime. right?LISA: Absolutely.
Yeah.
And this is Josephine Creuzot.
Hi!Uh... hello.
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
Jennifer. could you pour
two more cups of tea. please?
Sure.
Please.Oh.
This place is crazy.
Um... thank you. [CHUCKLES]
JO:
You know. for a public servant.
your husband seems to be doing
pretty damn well for himself.
Yes. Well. Sheldon has always
been a very keen investor.
So nice to see you. Sharon.
How are you holding up?
Yeah. I'm... staying busy.That helps.
Are you and Sheldon close
with the Dellicanos?
The Dellicanos?
No. not particularly.
Thank you.
Why do you ask?JO: Well. we saw a video
where you were calling
Rebecca Dellicano
your dear friend.
LISA: Hmm.Mm-hmm.
Well. we did do
some charity work together
but I guess
that was a bit of hyperbole.
That means exaggeration.
So how do the two of you
know each other?
Through Mark.
Poor Mark. What a world.
Can I use your bathroom?Of course. I'll show you.
No need. I have a good sense
of direction.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC CONTINUES]
Well. those look tasty.They're divine. [CHUCKLES]
So. have you thought
of doing some traveling?
Traveling?You know. a little getaway.
To help you get your mind
off of... everything.
SHARON:
I don't think a trip to Tahiti
is gonna make me forget
that my husband's dead.
Of course not.
That's not what I meant at all.
[SMACKS LIPS]
Well. I missed lunch.
So. how did you
and Jo become friends?
I wouldn't call us friends.Oh.
SHARON:
Well. it's a funny story.
So. the night Mark died.
I thought that he was working
late at the office.
turns out. he was with her.
He was "with" her?Mm-hmm. Yeah.
[MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
JENNIFER: Excuse me?
They just fell and I was.
uh. putting them back.
I am so sorry.
Sorry about that. sorry.
Time to go. Sharon.Oh. I'm sorry.
Thank you for your kind words.
Lisa.
You've been a big help.
JENNIFER: Uh. Miss Roberts...
Thanks. I'll call Mr. Roberts.
Sheldon...
Sharon Setter was just here.
No. I didn't invite her.
It was the strangest thing.
She just showed up
outta the blue.
She was with this trashy
young woman.
Yes. Josephine something.
That's the one.
Sheldon. she was in your office
going through your files.
I didn't let her.
She snuck off.
I was with Sharon
trying to be polite.
What was I supposed to do?
I... I don't know.
One is the Garrison case.
And the other is...
I don't know. I can't tell.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Traxler.
LISA: You need to tell me
what's going on here.
Why was Sharon asking me
about the Dellicano charity?
I'm not accusing you
of anything.
Of course. I trust you.
But you need to start
trusting me.
[KNOCKING]Yes?
Detective Traxler here
to see you. ma'am.
Tell her I'll be right there.
Traxler's here.
Why would she want to talk
to me?
Yes.
Okay. I'll call you back.
What do we do now?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
DETECTIVE VUKOVICH:
So what is it exactly
that you're accusing
Detective Traxler of?
SHARON: We're not accusing her
of anything.
we're just telling you
what we know.
She knew Mark.
She knows the Dellicanos.
She knows Sheldon Roberts.
She seems to be
in the middle of all this.
DETECTIVE VUKOVICH:
Of course she is.
Your husband is her case.Okay. You're not listening.
Look. we showed you
the charity event she was at.
Mark was watching
that video just before he died.
And now you're trying to tell us
that that doesn't mean anything?
Wait here.
Okay. Are we wasting
our time here or what?
SHARON: I don't know.
[SCOFFS]
Should've known better
than coming here.
You two don't quit. do you?
If we ever need
junior detective recruits.
I guess I know who to call.
What were you doing
at that event
with Rebecca Dellicano
and Lisa Roberts?
A lot of us take cushy security
gigs on the side.
I guess you're not aware.
but the pay around here sucks.
JO: So it was just a coincidence
that you were at that
particular event?
TRAXLER: I didn't say that.
SHARON:
Then what were you doing there?
It may have been related
to an investigation.
What investigation?I can't talk about that.
Sure you can't.
Recognize this?No. what is it?
Sharon?
I found it in Sheldon Roberts'
home office.
His wife. Lisa.
was just showing me some files
that you had been looking at.
Jo.
I guess I just missed you two.
JO: She must've been mistaken.
I didn't do that.
We just had a cup of tea.
Is that true. Sharon?
Yeah. we just had a cup of tea
and some pastries.
You guys know
what a wobbler is?
It's an offense
that could be charged
as a misdemeanor
or a felony.
Could go either way.
Illicit wiretapping
is a wobbler.
Well. we won't be doing
that then.
Consider this
your final warning.
If either of you do anything
like this again.
I will arrest you both
for interfering
in a police investigation
and whatever else
I can think of.
Are we clear?
Yeah. we're clear.
JO: That went well.
SHARON: She's right.
We're in way over our head.
I just wanna go home.
JO: Don't you think
we should stick together?
SHARON: Remember what I said
about us not being friends?
JO: How could I forget?
Fine. I'll take you home.
Shoot. I forgot.What?
We gotta make a stop.
SHARON: What is this place?
JO: Nursing home.
SHARON: Who are we seeing here?JO: My mom.
I thought she's in an urn
at your place
or was that just another lie?
That's my adopted mom.
She raised me.
This is my birth mom.
Hey. Mama.
Oh. Jo. You said you'd be here
more than an hour ago.
I'm sorry. I was busy.
The remote control's
not working again.
Let me fix it.
Mom. this is Sharon.
Hi.You Jo's friend?
JO: No Mama. we're not friends.
Then why did you bring
her here for?
Long story.
Mom. you haven't been eating?
You know
what I think of the food here.
The food is fine.
You have to eat
in order to get better.
Oh. don't talk to me
about getting better.
I'm gonna get you
some new batteries.
I'll be back.
How do you know my Jo?
She. um...
She knew my husband.Knew? Is he no longer with us?
That's right.
I'd say I'm sorry.
but what good would that do?
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Wouldn't do much good.
I've lost enough people
to know that.
And most of 'em
I do not miss.
Really?EMILY: Yeah.
People are disappointing.
Myself included.
I'm sure that's not true.
Just ask Jo.
I gave her up as a baby.
Didn't want kids.
Can you guess what made me
finally reach out to her
after all these years?
When you got sick.That's right.
I didn't have anyone else
to turn to.
Not exactly proud of the fact.
but it is what it is.
That girl...
didn't owe me anything.
But she's been coming to see me
every chance she gets.
Hmm.Okay. Try this one. Mama.
Well. look at that! [CHUCKLES]
It's a goddamn miracle.[CHUCKLES]
[SHOW TUNES PLAYING ON TV]
[SIGHS] Mom's a lot.
She really seems
to depend on you.
Lucky me.
All right. let's get you home.
Did he love you?
No. I don't think so.
I think I was just a bit of fun.
Mark was in a high-pressure
situation and I was just there.
But you love him.
What makes you say that?
You've been risking your life
to find out who killed him.
Yeah.
I loved Mark.
I still do.
It won't just go away.
You know what?
I never got to try that pizza
you were bragging about.
JO:
You sure you want everything?
It includes a bunch of scorching
fresh jalapeños.
[CHUCKLES] Bring it on.
Okay. That's the spirit.
[SHARON'S PHONE BUZZING]Hey Tony. it's Jo.
Can I get a delivery?
Hello?LOUIS: Hello. Mrs. Setter.
You need to keep
your mouth shut and listen.
This is for your ears only.
Are you there. Mrs. Setter?
Yeah. I'm listening.
LOUIS:
We haven't had the pleasure
of being formally introduced
yet.
My name's Louis.
You know who I am?
Yes.
LOUIS:
I am sending you an address.
You will meet me
there immediately.
Why would I do that?LOUIS: Glad you asked.
LARRY:
Don't listen to him. Sharon!
Larry? Larry. are you okay?
LARRY: Stay away from here!
Do you understand me?
Call the police!
[MUFFLED SOUNDS]
LOUIS: If you do not do
as you're told.
Larry is a dead man.
If you call the police.
If you show up with anyone else.
Larry is a dead man.
Do you understand?
Yeah... yes... yes.
I understand.
Just... just please don't...
don't hurt him. Okay?
[CALL DISCONNECTS]
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
Okay. I'm pouring wine.
Do you want a little or a lot?
Hey. what's going on?
I gotta go.
Okay. I'll go with you.
Where to?
SHARON: No!What's wrong?
Nothing's wrong.
I just have to leave.
What about the pizza?
I don't want the pizza.
I don't wanna be here.
I can feel him here.
I look at the couch.
I can see him with you and...
I just... I gotta get
outta here.
Okay. Okay. I get it.
You don't even have
your car here.
let me give you a ride.
SHARON: I don't want a ride
from you. okay?
I don't want anything from you!
Just stay away from me!
[CAR HORN HONKING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[TIRES SQUEAL]
[GASPS]
You're alone?
Come with me.[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTING][DRAMATIC MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
LOUIS: No. no. no. no. no![GUNSHOTS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Oh. my God. Sharon. You came.
Larry. what is going on?
What happened?
I got this gun away from them.
They were gonna kill both of us.
And... and I got this.
The thumb drive?
This is why they
killed Mark.
They were gonna sell it
to Sheldon.
Wh... Sheldon Roberts? Why?
LARRY: 'Cause he was
on the encrypted text thread
with the Dellicano execs.
He was gonna grease the wheels
of justice for them.
We gotta call the police.No. Wait. wait. wait.
Sharon.
Sheldon's on his way here
with three million dollars
in cash.
Okay. We gotta get outta here.
We gotta... we gotta leave.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Listen to me
for just a minute.
What if we handed the drive
to Sheldon ourselves?
And... and took
the money ourselves.
Larry... this is crazy.
LARRY: No. but Sharon. we could
get away from all of this.
Together.Larry...
SHELDON: Well. look who it is.
I should've known
it was the two of you
behind all of this.
So where's your little friend.
Sharon?
No doubt hiding in here
some place.
Look. I am not involved
in any of this.
I just wanted to know
who killed my husband.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ.
What did you two do?
Is that the money?Why did you kill them?
LARRY: What? Are you talking
about your hired goons?
I hired them to find the drive.
I didn't authorize any violence.
Little late to play innocent.
Sheldon.
[SIGHS] Give me the drive.Give me the money!
Give me the drive first?Open the bag!
Okay.
Put it on the ground.
Sharon.
Take the bag.
Stop trying to make me
a part of this. Larry.
it's not gonna happen.
[GUNSHOT][LARRY GROANS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
[LARRY GROANS]
Don't shoot him!
What was he supposed
to do?
You guys were gonna
kill him!
Please tell her the truth.
Larry?
Huh? Tell her the truth!
LOUIS: Okay. I will.
You stay put. Counselor.
You stay put.
Mr. Roberts here. he hired me
to find the drive.
Turns out Larry had it
all along.
I underestimated him.
Sharon. don't listen to him.Shut up!
[WINCES IN PAIN]
Larry and I. we made
a deal today.
To sell the drive to Mr. Roberts
and split the money.
You backstabbing bastard.
You tricked me into
coming here?
No.Then he tried to get rid
of Sonny and me
when you got here.
Play the hero.
Pin it all on us.
It almost worked. Larry.
How did you get the drive.
Larry?
Sharon! You know me!
I wouldn't do that.
He killed Mark!
Despite my reputation.
I've never killed anyone.
You killed Ernie Dux.
I saw you there.
Ernie Dux was already dead
when we got there.
He was just another
loose end.
Or maybe he helped
you kill Mark.
[SCOFFS]
That's it. Isn't it?
You killed... Mark?
Sharon. Mark didn't deserve you!
He never deserved you!
He ran around on you.
cheated on you.
I would've taken care of you.
It should've been me!
Sharon. you...
you... you came here.
you risked your life
to help me.
I think... I think you love me
as much as I always loved you.
Jesus Christ.
Have some dignity. Larry.
I'm leaving.
I can't let you do that.
Mrs. Setter!
I thought you didn't
kill people.
I'm walking away
with this money.
And if Sonny was walking
away with me.
I would happily turn my back
on all of you.
But Sonny's dead.
LOUIS: And that means
I'm gonna be tied
to this mess no matter what.
[GUN COCKING]
That means
you're all loose ends.
You haven't killed
anybody yet.
He killed my boy![BOMB CLATTERING]
[EXPLOSION]
[GROANS]
[GROANS][DRAMATIC MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
SHARON: [GROANING]
What are you doing here?
JO: What do you think
I'm doing here?
[SHARON EXHALES]JO: Come on. I called Traxler.
Larry killed Mark.I heard.
Hopefully Traxler did too.
Sharon. I got the money!
Stay away from me!Sharon. please.
Stay away from me!JO: Shut up!
[GUNSHOTS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Just give him the money. Larry.
You're gonna get us all killed.
He's gonna kill us anyways!
Sharon. please.
We can still get away
from here together.
Sharon...JO: Shut up. Larry.
[SHARON GRUNTS][LARRY GROANS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC CONTINUES]
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
Larry...
[GROANS]
[METALLIC THUD]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
[GUN COCKS]
JO: Let's go.
Okay. let's find a way out.
SHELDON: Give me the money!
TRAXLER: Drop your weapon!
Carmen. thank God.
They were gonna kill me.
Let me see those hands.
Sheldon.
Carmen...Hands behind your back.
[POLICE SIRENS WAILING
IN THE DISTANCE]
Louis Strand is unconscious
on the ground back there.
I'm impressed.
OFFICER:
Stay face down. Strand...
TRAXLER: I'll take that.
And that.
Please do.[SIGHS] Thanks for the call.
Junior detectives strike again.
[POLICE SIRENS WAILING]
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
SHARON: How did you find me?JO: I tracked your phone.
How?
Another trick
I learned from my ex.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
You know what I said back
at your place. um...
It's true. I don't think
I can be there.
But I shouldn't have.
It's okay.
You were protecting me.
That's what "not friends" do.
[CHUCKLES] That's right.
Got the thumb drive from Larry.
thanks to you two.
Piece of cake.
I've been investigating Sheldon
for a long time.
I never trusted him.
neither did Mark.
I thought he might've been
involved in Mark's death. but...
It was Larry.
His best friend.
TRAXLER: He confessed to it all.
To killing Mark.
stealing the drive.
killing Ernie Dux
to make sure he didn't talk.
Says he wants to make sure
you don't get blamed
for anything.How considerate.
The dude was obsessed
with you.
TRAXLER:
Certainly seems that way.
I really don't like
to admit this but. um...
we might not have
even suspected him
if it hadn't been
for you guys.
Mark would be proud
of you both.
Dramatic new developments today
in the case against
Dellicano Industries.
The jury was shown a series
of texts that allegedly prove
that Dellicano executives
did. in fact. know
that their landfill sites
were severely contaminating
local groundwater.
And even more shocking.
disgraced District Attorney
Sheldon Roberts was
on the chain as well.
offering executives
legal protection
in what sounds like a blatant
quid pro quo.
Can you put a game show on.
Jo?
The news depresses
the hell outta me.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Wendy.
Mm-hmm. Me too.
Mm.[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
So?
What?
Is it amazing
or is it amazing?
It's the best ever.
Worth the wait.Yeah. it is.
[CHUCKLES]
["WE BEGIN" PLAYING]
♪ Now we begin♪
♪ Whoa. whoa. whoa ♪
♪ Now we begin
Whoa. whoa. whoa♪
♪ Take a step. take a breath♪
♪ Let go of fear♪
♪ We're all just a mess
But the future is clear ♪
♪ It's alright. we'll get by
And we'll carry on♪
♪ Hand in hand ♪
♪ Where we all belong ♪
♪ Now we begin♪
♪ Whoa. whoa. whoa♪
♪ Now we begin
Whoa. whoa. whoa♪
♪ It's all right. we'll get by
♪ And we'll carry on ♪
♪ Here we are. it was dark♪
♪ Now we are in a new dawn ♪
♪ Whoa. whoa. whoa
♪ Now we begin♪
♪ Whoa. whoa. whoa ♪
♪ There's a new day coming♪